.TH i7z 1 "20 July 2012"
.SH NAME
i7z \- A better i7 (and now i3, i5) reporting tool for Linux.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBi7z [OPTION]\fP, [OPTION] is optional. i7z needs to be run in super user (root) mode.
.SH DESCRIPTION
i7z runs the i7z, ncurses based, program without any options. i7z will print out the C-states and temperature for i3, i5 and i7 based Core processors from Intel (including Nehalems, Sandy Bridge and Ivy Bridge). 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h, --help \fPshow the list of options available with the i7z tool.
.TP
\fB-w  [a|l],  --write  [a,l] \fPLogging enabled via this option. Frequencies will always be logged (no way yet to disable them yet), temperature and cstate logging are disabled by default. Option "-w a" or "--write a" will append to the  log file. Option "-w l" or "--write l" will replace the log file. 
.TP
\fB-c,  --logcstate \fPLogging of the cstates can be turned on with this options. cstate logging is disabled by default, this option will enable it. Note that \fB-w [a|l]\fP has to be set, else this option remains disabled.
.TP
\fB-t,  --logtemp \fPLogging of the temperature can be turned on with this options. temperature logging is disabled by default, this option will enable it. Note that \fB-w [a|l]\fP has to be set, else this option remains disabled.
.TP
\fB-l,  --logfile  [FILENAME] \fPChange  the (frequency) log file name to the specified FILENAME. Default logging file is cpu_freq_log.txt (single  socket) or cpu_freq_log_dual%d.txt (dual socket, %d is either 0, 1).
.TP
\fB-x,  --templogfile  [FILENAME] \fPChange  the temperature log file name to the specified FILENAME. Default logging file is cpu_temp_log.txt (single  socket) or cpu_temp_log_dual%d.txt (dual socket, %d is either 0, 1).
.TP
\fB-p,  --cstatelogfile  [FILENAME] \fPChange  the cstate log file name to the specified FILENAME. Default logging file is cpu_cstate_log.txt (single  socket) or cpu_cstate_log_dual%d.txt (dual socket, %d is either 0, 1).
.TP
\fB--socket0  [SOCKETNUM], --socket1 [SOCKETNUM] \fPThe tool can print information for about 2 sockets at once at the most. The top view  will  be, by  default, of the first socket (controlled by --socket0) and the bottom view will be of the second socket (controlled by --socket1). Supply the appropriate value of 0 or 1 or more for SOCKETNUM (if there are more sockets on the machine) to show in the top and bottom view.
.TP
\fB--nogui \fPDisable the GUI. Useful when the only need is logging.
.SH Example
To print for two sockets and also change the frequency log file (log to /tmp/logfilei7z). Note that \fB-w [a|l]\fP has to be supplied for enabling logging.

i7z \-\-socket0 0 \-\-socket1 1 \-\-logfile /tmp/logfilei7z \-w l

.SH Example
To print for two sockets and also change the log files (freq logged to /tmp/freq.txt, temperature logged to /tmp/temp.txt, cstates to /tmp/cstates.txt). Note that \fB-w [a|l]\fP has to be supplied for enabling logging.

i7z \-\-socket0 0 \-\-socket1 1 \-\-logfile /tmp/freq.txt \-w l \-\-cstatelogfile /tmp/cstates.txt \-\-templogfile /tmp/temp.txt

.SH BUGS
Do report bugs or feature enhancement as an issue at http://code.google.com/p/i7z.

.SH AUTHORS
Written in 2010, by Abhishek Jaiantilal (abhirana @ gmail.com). i7z  is licensed  under the terms of the GNU  General Public License (GPL) version 2.
